# **Agenda Team 42**


## **Agenda 28.03.2023 meeting**


Location:       DW PC1 cubicle 9\
Datum:          04.04.2023\
Time:           14:45 - 15:10\

Attendees:
- Costin Teodorescu (Joining online as he's sick and in Romania)
- Iurii Poţeluev 
- Yusuf Köse (Minutes)
- Dani de Dios Allegue
- Sarah van de Noort (Chair)
- Pepijn van Egmond


### **Opening by chair**


### **Check-in**
- How is everyone doing?
- Any non project related announcements to make?
  - Costin is joining online as he's in Romania
- What have you done since last meeting and did any problems come up

### **Announcements**
- 3 days till the code submission we need to pick what we still want to do and prioritise
  - what still needs to be done for the basic features

## **Agenda-items**
- Demo
- Deadlines
- Issue prioritization and assignment
- Discussing feedback
- Video pitch
- Testing

### **Approval of the agenda**
- Does anyone have any additions to the agenda?

### **Demo**
- What do we have now

### **Deadlines of this week:**
- Heuristic evaluation
    - What do we need to do still for this?
- Product pitch (video)\
    - https://se.ewi.tudelft.nl/oopp/assignments/product-pitch/
- Final submission
  - prioritise things, what is everyone working on

### **Issue prioritization and assignment**
- What do we want to do the remaining days?

### **Discuss feedback **
- features
  - how are the things in the product category weighted? (testing, features etc)
- Video

### **Video pitch**
- Seems like we got insufficient for the pitch because of the lack of video
- We need to record and edit it, we need to plan for that

### **Testing**
- what do we need to do for testing, how important is it still
    
### **Summary action points**
- Who, what, when?

### **Feedback round**
- What went well and what can be improved next time?


### **Question round**
- Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?


### **Closure**

