# **Agenda Team 42**

## **Agenda 28.02.2023 meeting**

Location: 	 	DW PC1 cubicle 9
Datum: 		28.02.2023
Time: 			15:45 - 16:30
Attendees:		
- Costin Teodorescu (Chair)
- Yurii Poţeluev (Minute)
- Yusuf Köse
- Dani de Dios Allegue
- Sarah van de Noort
- Pepijn van Egmond


## **Agenda-items** 

### **Opening by chair**

### **Check-in**
- How is everyone doing?

### **Announcements**

### **Approval of the agenda**
- Does anyone have any additions to the agenda?

### **Backlog final version**
Review with TA some points from our Backlog Draft
Ask the TA some opinions on our WireFrame ( mocks )
Questions we have about the terminology of the application 
Rewriting the Backlog in the final version
When we want to have the next meeting

### **Git Assignment**
Checking if everyone has successfully installed and configured Git 
More points are going to be added after a more detailed description of the task

### **Summary action points**
- Who, what, when?

### **Feedback round**
- What went well and what can be improved next time?

### **Question round**
- Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?

### **Closure**
