# **Agenda Team 42**


## **Agenda 07.03.2023 meeting**


Location:       DW PC1 cubicle 9
Datum:      07.03.2023
Time:           15:45 - 16:30
Attendees:      
- Iurii Poţeluev (Chair)
- Costin Teodorescu (Minute)
- Yusuf Köse
- Dani de Dios Allegue
- Sarah van de Noort
- Pepijn van Egmond




## **Agenda-items**


### **Opening by chair**


### **Check-in**
- How is everyone doing?


### **Announcements**


### **Approval of the agenda**
- Does anyone have any additions to the agenda?


### **Discussion of the backlog**
- Comparing our backlog to the backlog description at “Process” tab


### **Future steps of the development**
- Discussion of the mock-ups
- Discussion of the architecture




### **Summary action points**
- Who, what, when?


### **Feedback round**
- What went well and what can be improved next time?


### **Question round**
- Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?


### **Closure**
